hey guys it's me Evan 123 Greymon and
I'm here with my friend hessle and we're
gonna be playing Digimon battle online
so let's go yeah alright yeah well I
already did that but he still has two
I'm still doing the tutorial though
because i have to do thee yeah I've did
well I have to do level up right now
actually so let's go kill some Yoko Mons
for no reason okay all right um I
actually started playing this game like
a year and a half ago but then I deleted
it and then it never worked but now it's
working again I don't know why I'll just
kill anyone I want okay okay
oh I forgot I have a I have cards let me
turn my volume just a little bit more
right this should be fun okay um where
are you good
thank you yeah it was here I don't know
Oh No right okay that yo c'mon is dead
I'm already level two moons level 3 I
think I'm actually level 3 right now no
I'm at level 2 hey hey yeah now I'm a
level three yay level 30 i got some more
cards all right now I got a boost up my
thingies strength intelligence there I'm
jinx kills all right now we're going to
use a skill alright come on over here
this way also i can record videos longer
than 15 minutes so this could be like a
hour long video if we wanted to yeah I
know so I'm just going to make this like
15 minutes or a little bit yeah if I
lose track which I usually do I'm gonna
kill all get him on smack them
I have to be a little six in a minute
yep I have to use are you on you skills
yes so do I haven't I need like three
more left why aren't you they're here
the zoo room on ok I think where are
they back where where'd you go press e 0
z oh there you are you're the blue dot
I'm red oh they're the UM your aman ya I
thought they had tsuru monson one of the
location whatever here
I have no idea why you're among
digivolve into tantamon just tantamon
look anything like at your room on ya
and hang on so it obviously doesn't make
any sense we credit card activate
payment and transaction utilize I have
no idea yay level four I got a hamburger
you're still in a tutorial yeah I know
that I've played this before I've gotten
up to the level 21 with Guillaume on or
something huh I got stuck in the digital
world and I couldn't get back so it kind
of restart
okay I should do that too oh yeah I'm
leader here hur har har yep yep so I
pick every Digimon that the main
character uses so if you guys didn't
know pestles from the nether you know
minecraft hmm got recovery floppy oh
wait cuz I'm awesome recovery floppy
what
okay I think we're going to stop the
recording right here and we'll start
again in a minute so thank